# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

  The planets application went pretty well for me and I got some good info on hwo to manage a many-many data model.

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

  I think the biggest take away for me this week was managing data relationship on the backend. I have done a lot of simple queries on large normalized databases and learning how they get structured and exactly why has helped a lot. I always wondered why a table might contain just a name and IDs when they could've put that in as a field in other tables.

- What are you struggling with?

  Definitely starting to struggle with remembering where we have done X or Y on an application in the past, as we do more and more things are starting to blur together and I'm having a hard time remembering a lot of syntax.

- What would you count as a victory?

  I think getting two of the biggest models working with my team on Friday was great. We went from backend only all week to developing a full stack application. It's not nearly complete but I'm happy with the experience coordinating backend/frontend work in a team.