# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

  For the partner programming I think getting a relational dataset working and drawing that data to the page was very helpful. It was a wave of relief for me as my checkpoint actually started coming together towards the middle of Friday. I did have to spend a few hours of time Wed and Thursday night and I'm really glad I did. It's easy to feel overwhelmed until you hit that 70-80% mark of reaching your MVP of the project.

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

  That I was able to remember quite a bit of logic in Vue, and I did quite a bit better abstracting my pages into components than the first Vue checkpoint.

- What are you struggling with?

  I still feel like I'm struggling a bit with moving things to components. I will get them working on a page and be overwhelmed at the idea of moving it to a component. Worried about spending hours figuring out what piece of data I am not passing correctly to the child component.

  I did put the coverImg into a inline css style for background. This way all my cards stayed the same size. I did a little bit of wrapper logic so I could layer some other designs over the background image. With setting some fixed heights so the cards always looked the same, I ran into some struggles with other things not growing with the content.

- What would you count as a victory?

  I am definitely proud of my design, I feel like I upgraded my design abilities on this weeks checkpoint by being able to work with multiple sized images through backgrounds and some blur and transparency, I am even more proud that I got all the functionality / requirements met and finally got a little break from coding.
