# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

  I really liked learning how to relate one set of data to another. I feel like I get a lot more motivated and excited about practical data. Creating tools to increase productivity or organization makes me excited about adding value over support to a company in this career.

- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?

  My ability to tinker with design and javascript for many hours has actually been fulfilling. An hour of a lot of other type of work such as IT support/design can seem slow and boring comparatively.

- What are you struggling with?

  I am definitely still struggling with using hte ProxyState or callign draw functions on a child data set.. I would really like to go over an organized and clean appraoch to managing data inside of other data. I also am still struggling with envisioning and implementing rows and columns. I feel slow and things are taking longer than I'd hoped to sink in.

- What would you count as a victory?

  I feel really good about the checkpoint this week. Maybe not in the best of ways I was able to get the tool functioning and looking decent. The only thing that bugs me is the time it took me and the way I am drawing the child data I feel like could be a lot simpler and cleaner.
